All righty Welcome back many students so hopefully you got it down the last video you were able to create
a post from this forum here.
If not don't worry I got your back.
Let's get to it right away.
All right cool.
So this is where I left it on the last video.
You can check out the end of the video.
All right.
So we got to pull in the user the logged in user.
We also are going to be assigning the requests
right here.
Beautiful.
All right.
So one of the first one of the things that we got to do here is check for a picture right for a file
to see if a file is present and that either send time I'm going to assign a variable to it right.
So let's get the requests
and we got a check for the little guy right here called Forder I.D..
We've got to make sure that he's there.
If you want to go ahead him you know return Sunday night you're welcome to do that just to make sure
that you are getting this down.
All right.
So you might do something like this return it works or something like that.
If you have a file.
OK.
So that way you know that it's working because it might not be working.
All right.
So if I got this here
let's see.
Let's check it out real quick.
All right.
Let's get to see if we can get a file here.
Who's out.
We get to see me the rest of the fields.
This is not going to work like this.
It's taking that category as well.
It's no value there so that's why the form.
It's not going to work.
But anyway what we can do is we can go to the requests real quick and make it a little looser.
All right.
Let's just comment all these out analysts.
You see right now if we can do that.
OK.
It's amendable we don't have anything we need to show a picture.
OK here we go.
You see that it works so we are receiving the picture.
Ok cool let's go back and comment that.
All right.
So this works.
Sometimes it's better to check step by step just to make sure that you're now writing code and then
you know that you are writing a whole bunch of code and you have to go back and then check every part
of it.
Just make sure that you are correct.
All right so we're going to get the name of the file right here.
Get original name cool.
Then we're going to be moving.
We've done this many times you guys know this I don't have to tell you.
All right.
All right so that's one thing to do.
Then we've got to do a photo with sign with creative photo here
and
file name.
OK.
The photo ID and we assigned the photo.
We've done this we users guys.
All right.
Just to let recap real quickly we are signing all the requests to the import logging user getting the
logged in user because we're going to use it later.
We're checking to see if we have a file.
If we do we're going to get we're going to do all these processing We're going to get the original name
in this variable moved the name and the file to images then create a photo.
And then in this field of post in the in the post we're going to insert the photo ID.
But let's actually point this for a quick.
All right cool.
OK I think we're done with the first part on the next lecture we're going to continue with this.
Thank you so much for watching.
I'll see you in the next lecture